
Over the course of this session, I had a basically a date with Viola. I went out shopping with her, which we went to a very fancy store where she c clearly was known there very well because they basically shut down the place to help her run stuff. and so she dressed me up in a whole bunch of outfits and it was she was kinda checking me out, but it wasn't entirely flirty. Then we went to a hairdresser where she got me a new haircut, and that place was not as much one on one interaction, but it was like a little bit more like where you know she is just like oh well she's so pretty, let's upgrade her. both of these things, I the player acknowledge, are kind of problematic and a little bit controlly, but Astria in Universe found them to be like oh my god, someone really cares about me, and this is what I've wanted them, you know, I'm experiencing my moments in the movie where I've become one of the popular girls. then they went to a restaurant that was also really expensive. and there two important things happened. The first is that Celine showed up and Astria was a mean girl, not like as mean as she could have possibly been. but Celine showed up and apologized for not remembering her name and Ashria just wasn't very receptive and was sort of just leaving her out there to hang in the awkwardness of that. and then just sort of dismissed her without really resolving the apology. Like she very insincerely accepted it and then just told her like oh I you know, actually I'm here with someone. Then the other thing is that she had a back and forth with Viola, where Viola tried to badmouth her friends and Ashria stood on business. it was revealed that she and Harth had a relationship that ended apparently not so great, but but Viola still seems to care quite a bit. Harth is not shown the same sort of like interest in her, so something might have happened there. and then also I let her know that I kind of have an interest in her and her response is that since I'm a cheerleader, I need to reach out and take what I want.