The fight with Ser Bale, any other time, would have been exhilarating. A real fight against a real swordsman who was willing to adapt and change as he was. The escalation of their clashes, the mutual destruction of acknowledging each strategy, it was what made Quentyn feel alive. It was the thing that he prayed about most often, this wonder if he was actually a horrible person for delighting in these kinds of contests considering the outcomes. 

At first, this was just. He was a Kingsguard striking down a traitor. Quentyn didn't acknowledge the opposite view, there could only be one correct one, there was no space for nuance. Only one man could be king, and this duty to protect Jaehaerys and support him wasn't because of his fondness for the prince, or his want for glory, but because he had sworn an oath. He had, in fact, been explicitly ordered to protect the heir. He would be betraying his king, the first king he ever served as a White Cloak, to do anything different. 

It did not make any of this feel any less wrong. As Bale's attempt at the killshot with his feint played out, Quentyn's instincts snapped into place, as they did with any fighter. His blade, now wielded one handed, met his and slid down until they locked at the hilts, the act sending the blade off course and putting them in a more queer struggle of force. Their bodies locked, with Quentyn's arm trembling before the force of Bale's two handed grip, moments from breaking.

Then, the Bee Knight's other hand raises, the dagger that had already been destined to main his Lord Commander now being turned against the youngest Kingsguard. It plunges its way into the visor, finding its mark and becoming stuck. Suddenly, everything changed. The struggle between the two instantly stopped, Bale's blade dropped and arms gripping onto Quentyn's forearm. In his last moments, Bale forgot all the worries and grabbed for the closest brother he had. The man who had just struck him down.
Ser Balerion Celtigar was a boy. It was all Quentyn could think. He deserved to be here, he was a fine swordsman- a great swordsman, but he shouldn't have been. Not yet. He was too young. Quentyn was not long in the tooth himself, but he knew all he gave up by taking this vow. He knew what the lack of ever holding lands, or having a family, or fighting for his family meant. He had ten years of learning what it meant. This was his younger brother, and now Quentyn would need to hold this guilt. Forever.

Quentyn's hand leaves the dagger and grabs for Bale, a last hope at making any of this less shameful, but the boy was already gone. His body, once a force of armoured warfare, now a heavy heap that Quentyn could not hold up. The Bee Knight's gaze, so often impassive, shown sorrow and guilt as he peered down. 

He had known what had to happen, but he hadn't wanted this. His cloak, no matter how any others would see him or change their view of him, was now forever tainted red to him. Brother-killer, his mind told him, in the last few moments before he had to snap to attention and seek to protect his king again.